EPAS 15 - Merge statement (#3881)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/epas/15/epas_compat_sql/65a_merge.mdx

`MERGE` allows you to select rows from one or more sources for update or insertion into a table. You specify the join condition to determine whether to update or insert into the target table. You specify conditional UPDATE and INSERT statements using the WHERE clause in the MERGE statement.

> `MERGE` provides a single SQL statement that can conditionally INSERT, UPDATE or DELETE rows, a task requiring multiple procedural language statements.

Reviewer: I don't follow this sentence. I think you are trying to say that the Merge statement allows you to do something in a single statement that otherwise would take multiple statements, but this isn't how it reads. 

Here is a suggested rewrite: 
```suggestion
`MERGE` provides a single SQL statement that can conditionally INSERT, UPDATE, or DELETE rows, a task which would otherwise require multiple procedural language statements.
```

INSERT INTO source VALUES (6, 600);
```

This example shows how to UPDATE and INSERT rows on the target table using the MERGE statement:

```sql
MERGE INTO target t
USING source s
ON (t.tid = s.sid)
WHEN MATCHED THEN
    UPDATE SET balance = s.delta
WHEN NOT MATCHED THEN
    INSERT VALUES (s.sid, s.delta);
```

This example shows how to UPDATE, INSERT and conditionally DELETE rows on the target table using MERGE statement:

```sql
MERGE INTO target t
USING source s
ON (t.tid = s.sid)
WHEN MATCHED THEN
    UPDATE SET t.balance = t.balance + 100
    DELETE WHERE sid = 1
WHEN NOT MATCHED THEN
    INSERT VALUES (s.sid, s.delta);
```

> This example shows how to UPDATE, INSERT and DELETE rows on the target table conditionally using the MERGE statement:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example shows how to UPDATE, INSERT, and DELETE rows on the target table conditionally using the MERGE statement:
```
